{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 ArialUnicodeMS;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
\f6\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\hyphauto1\hyphfactor100
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Whitepaper\
\
Jinni\
\
Platform for self-actualization \
powered by evolutionary computation\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 \strokec2 Executive Summary\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Jinni is a software system that can simulate human behavior at the individual and societal level in a virtual environment by aggregating massive amounts of real-world data from people\'92s everyday lifestyles. Taking data returned by these virtual simulations we can influence real-world behavior to help people achieve their purpose in life by promoting self-reflection and self-actualization.
\f1 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
People will always want to be better. It is why society progresses at an exponential rate - humans insistently try to outdo ourselves. With more competition and collaboration then ever, we can catalyze this process of personal development.
\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What won\'92t change in 10 years?\'94 - Jeff Bezos
\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
Our mission is to facilitate the process of self-reflection, self-exploration, and self-actualization for people to find their true selves in a manner that is conducive to their personal goals and those of society in a symbiotic manner.
\f3\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \page \pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 Consumer Use Cases\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Social\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\i\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Friend
\f4\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  - It can\'92t feel what you feel but it lives the same life. It gives you a second perspective on life and acts like a friend by talking abut your day wth you. It has emotions and is affected by how your day and how you talk to it.\
\

\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 Skill Sharing
\f4\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  - Based on your purpose we can match you with other people that share or can help achieve your purpose in a P2P skill-swap marketplace.
\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b \cf2 \strokec2 Visualization\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\i\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Personal
\f4\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  
\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 Avatar 
\f4\i0 \cf2 \strokec2 - Data visualization for user\'92s personal data managed directly by Jinni. Can be used to represent data in an intuitive manner and show how continual habits affect you that is customized automatically through data feeds.\
\

\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 AR/VR
\f4\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  -  You live in the digital world through your Jinni, it lives in the real world through you. Digital and physical are no longer separate environments and Jinni is the first company to take full advantage of this.\
\
\
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b \cf2 \strokec2 Calm Technology\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Through your digital personality we can create context for digital devices to interact with you in an appropriate manner based on time, recent activity, location, or how you are feeling. For example connect your iWatch and work computer to not send messages if meditated this morning so you can focus on getting work done.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 psychotherapeutic biofeedback
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b \cf2 \strokec2 Games\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\i\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Universal Avatar
\f4\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  - Users can export their personalized avatar to video games so they can play as their favorite character (themselves) and be universally recognizable by their friends.\
\

\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 Geofencing
\f4\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  - exercise in certain areas to earn special rewards (running in a park unlocks grass type Pokemon)\
\

\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 Reward Real World Behaviour
\f4\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  - RPGs can use personal exercise data to alter stats, unlock certain achievements by combining in-game and real world accomplishments, or \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://visualpharm.com/free-icons/genie-595b40b65ba036ed117d4145"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://visualpharm.com/free-icons/genie-595b40b65ba036ed117d4145}}\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 Business Use Cases
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2  \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\i\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Micro-transactional Marketing Platform
\f4\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  - Using our unique data model combined with user\'92s life purpose we can target ads that are entirely beneficial, have multi-dimensional context unseen by competitors, and can target singular needs of an individual in real time.\
\

\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 Zero knowledge Analytics
\f4\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  - Given the intimate and in-depth nature of the data collected by Jinni, we must be able to sell data and analytics processing without ever giving the true identity or other unrelated data of a user. (not really specific to us, should probs remove)
\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\page \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Roadmap Draft \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
Personal Avatar - \
Health & Wellness focused.\
Mobile apps for data visualization under different brands.\
\
\
Marketing Platform - \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Our initial business model will be a simple subscription plan. Users will pay a set fee every month for us to aggregate their data, interpret it, and visualize it in a comprehensive manner for them to understand how they are progressing towards their goals and which activities in their lifestyle are progressing or deterring them. Subsequently we will add on a micro-transaction marketing platform solely focused on health + wellness products where we take a commission on sales instead of advertising fees to make sure our goals are aligned with the user receiving the ad. Our final additive business model will partner with healthcare providers to broker discounts on behalf of users for taking actions that improve health proactively. Instead of spending money to cure diseases, we will be spending money to promote healthy, productive lifestyles.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Social Implications\
\
Ethics\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \strokec2 \page \page \page \page }