{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 ArialUnicodeMS;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f6\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f7\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\hyphauto1\hyphfactor100
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Whitepaper\
\
eMochi\
\
Platform for self-actualization \
powered by evolutionary computation\
\
\
December 12, 2017\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \
Table of Contents\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tqr\tx8928\pardeftab720\li240\sa120\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Table of Contents	1\
1 Executive Summary	2\
2 Overview	2\
3 System Design	3\
3.1 Internal System Diagram	3\
3.2 Consumer View Of System	4\
3.3 Business View Of System	5\
4 Philosophy & Methodology	5\
5 Business Proposition	7\
5.1 B2C Business Model And Use Cases	7\
5.2 B2B Business Model And Use Cases	9\
6 Design Principles	10\
7 Service Design	11\
8 Why a Graph Based Data Model	11\
9 Why a Time Based Data Model	13\
Complex Systems & Agent Based Models	15\
Application of Genetic Programs	15\
Roadmap Draft	15\
Bibliography	16\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \page \pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 1 Executive Summary\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Jinni is a software system that can simulate human behavior at the individual and societal level in a virtual environment by aggregating massive amounts of real-world data from people\'92s everyday lifestyles. Taking data returned by these virtual simulations we can influence real-world behavior to help people achieve their purpose in life by promoting self-reflection and self-actualization.
\f5 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 2 Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 In this paper we will be going over the business model, purpose, and technical advantages of the Jinni system.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93What won\'92t change in 10 years?\'94 - Jeff Bezos
\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
People will always want to be better. It is why society progresses at an exponential rate - humans insistently try to outdo ourselves. With more competition and collaboration then ever, we can catalyze this process of personal development.\
\
Our mission is to facilitate the process of self-reflection, self-exploration, and self-actualization for people to find their true selves in a manner that is conducive to their personal goals and those of society in a symbiotic manner.\
\
This can be achieved by combining data that is naturally generated in your everyday lifestyle from sources like wearables, personal journals, productivity tools, and embedded Internet of Things (IoT) systems. This will all be used to qualitatively and quantitatively aggregate biometric, behavioral, psychologic, geographic, environmental, etc. data from your day to day existence to measure your health and wellbeing. We store your personal data in a digital format for your own direct use as well as to build data visualization models, namely a virtual avatar based on yourself.\
\
We base health on following seven categories: Purpose, Physical, Nutritional, Environmental, Social, Emotional, and Mental. We weigh the various inputs and sources of this data on your highest purpose and the role it plays in achieving your purpose. So if your goal is to be an astronaut, environmental, physical, and mental factors are more important than social and nutritional. All categories still play a role as none can be neglected without causing deficiencies in other categories.\
\
Users will be in constant communication with their simulation in a process combining biofeedback and self-experimentation. We will interface through multiple channels with our users to guide them through the process of self-actualization. Initially we will target through a mobile app as a dashboard/general profile to their data, then build a chatbot so they can directly interact with their data, and then we will integrate into third party software (e.g. games, social media) and physical products (e.g. apparel, interior design) to proliferate into all aspects of their life for a completely holistic experience.
\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 3 System Design\
3.1 Internal System Diagram
\f1 \cf2 \strokec2  
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f4\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 3.2 Consumer View Of System\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \strokec2  
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 3.3 Business View Of System\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 4
\f1 \cf2 \strokec2  
\f4 \cf2 \strokec2 Philosophy & Methodology\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Our purpose in life is to realize our greatest possible achievements in the world. This is a mission shared not only by every single human being but every living being. What is our greatest achievement? How does this achievement come about? How does one even define their own goals and reach them? And once we have figured out this most fundamental question how do you even begin to track your progress towards realizing it?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 These questions have been asked and answered in a myriad of ways using mathematics, philosophy, biology, religion, and every other intellectual institution that human society has come to create. The answers change based on who you are and most importantly they are constantly evolving in unforeseeable ways. How can we resolve this once and for all? Now more than ever these questions bear down on our conscious because we as a society have fulfilled the lower layers of Maslow\'92s hierarchy so our entire lives will be devoted to the goal of attaining self-actualization - the pursuit of objective truth, creativity, and honing our unique capabilities as individuals. This is necessary because as tasks become automated and abstracted away from conscience human labor (a healthy symptom of technology and societal progress that has always existed) we must learn to manage our inherent potential and applying it to wholesome and fruitful causes.\
\
This is not unique behavior to human beings; it is present in all forms of life whether organic or inorganic. As with all natural laws we can postulate a theorem that describes this law of self-actualization much like the laws of gravity describe how bodies move at all levels of the universe (excluding quantum theory of course). These formulas have been developed by combining the fields of biology and computer science into a discipline called evolutionary computation and we will utilize a small subset of this practice called 
\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 Genetic Algorithms 
\f2\i0 \cf2 \strokec2 (GA)[0].\
\
GA are a way to compute ingenious answers to ill-defined problems with no clear solution. They are not a specific set of equations but rather a philosophy and way of thinking about how a system of perpetually self-evolving equations. Replace \'93equations\'94 with \'93people\'94 in the last sentence and you have a description of how human society works. We will use this similarity between the purpose and structure of GA and civilization to create what are called artificial societies to simulate human behavior and identify patterns that lead to optimal outcomes for both the individuals and the society as a whole. For an in-depth discussion on GA and artificial societies see Section 7 + 8.\
\
\'93How do we plan on helping others achieve their purpose in life when we all struggle to do it in our own lives?\'94 is a critical question that will be immediately addressed. Today our society is building an omnipresent monoculture through standardized education and a global ecosystem. We will augment social ecologic architecture so that each human is powerful in their own unique so that together we can progress towards a future of unbounded potential combining our disparate creative, intellectual exploits. In order to facilitate individuality and achieve this optimal social ecologic architecture we will use GA to simulate behavior at a micro and macro level to personalize education, skills, social behavior, and other characteristics of living beings. We will use outcomes from our artificial society to nudge people to do actions that lead them down the path of their ultimate goal.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 5 Business Proposition\
\
5.1 B2C Business Model And Use Cases\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
5.1a visualization \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Digital avatar created and managed directly by Jinni based on your real-world data. Can be used to represent data in an intuitive manner and show how continual habits affect you. Avatar is customized automatically through connected data feeds. This can be licensed and put into any medium - mobile app, AR/VR, stickers, custom clothing.\
\
\
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \strokec2 5.1b Social\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Your avatar is a friend, someone to talk and decompress the day. It also serves as a  subconscious learning mechanism as the avatar\'92s behaviour is based on your own. It uses historical conversational data to learn empathy and modify it\'92s behavior to best consult on achieving your purpose.\
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \strokec2 \
5.1c GamING\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 RPGs can use personal exercise data to alter in-game stats or unlock certain achievements by combining virtual and real world accomplishments.\
\
\
\
\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \strokec2 \page \pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 5.2 B2B Business Model And Use Cases
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2  \
\
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \strokec2 5.2a Calm Technology\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Creating context for IoT devices to interact with you in an appropriate manner using your holistic profile and real time data generated by nearby Things.\
\
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \strokec2 5.2b Marketing
\fs20 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Using our unique data model combined with user\'92s life purpose we can target ads that are entirely beneficial, have multi-dimensional context not available to competitors, and can target singular needs of an individual in real time all backed by zero-knowledge analytics so user\'92s privacy is not at risk.\
\
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \strokec2 5.2c Environmental\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Environments impact is real and unrelenting. It takes cooperative action by individuals, corporations, and governments. Using the profile we generate for you all parties can use data to understand your behaviour and help mitigate your impact.\
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7\i\b \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 \strokec2 5.2d Social & Medical Research\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 The intricate connections we create between disparate data points allows unprecedented analytics and research for social impact. Both public and private institutions will be able to discover, experiment, and innovate using a wealth of personal data backed using zero-knowledge systems so our user\'92s privacy is not at risk.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 6 
\f4 \cf2 \strokec2 Design Principles\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\i\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Abstraction
\f2\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  - Abstraction should be applied whenever reasonable at all levels of a product or service, from UI design to systems design. The more abstracted the more we understand about the underlying model and the more applicable the abstraction can be to other areas of the service.\
\

\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 User Interpretation
\f2\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  - Only a user can know what they feel, who they are, etc. We can not interpret their data for them. We should represent it for them in as raw a format while concise and explanatory as possible and let them take it from there. For example instead of saying we recommend these books, we say you liked these books and others that liked that like these. Although it is the same thing, we are not imposing our own opinion on and user which is fine for something as basic as a book recommendation but is inaccurate and unethical when augmenting life habits.\
\

\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 Surrealism
\f2\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  - We are literally creating an alternate universe and we must present it as such. Great design has story, focusing on surrealism gives full creative mobility to focus on telling that story, rather than if it makes sense in our view of the real world. This is so we do not mislead users and also so that they buy into stories told by us, themselves, and third-parties. Surrealism is a complement to our Abstraction and User Interpretation principles.\
\

\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 Effective > Efficient
\f2\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  - Effectiveness is a marker of how well you achieved your end goal, efficiency is a marker of how good your process is. You can be highly effective and not very efficient and you can also be highly efficient without being at all effective. Processes will always change so if you focus on the end goal you are guaranteed great results even if they take a longer or cost slightly more but you will always be updating to improve efficiencies anyways.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 Systems Thinking 
\f2\i0 \cf2 \strokec2 - Be cognizant that everything is interrelated. How you design your mobile app will affect how users will use the web app, the way you design your API will affect how others have to build their applications if they use it, and if you make someones day bad they will likely make someone else\'92s day bad in return.
\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 Open & Transparent 
\f2\i0 \cf2 \strokec2 - Services and the protocols/data that operate them should always be accessible to all.  Making services available through various mediums forces a modular systems approach and consider design beyond a superficial graphics level. This is good business, ethical, design and practice.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\i\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl732\sa366\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 Bias Toward Action -\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 7 
\f4\i0 \cf2 \strokec2 Service Design\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 /*\
Why service design is so important for us inparticular - we are helping design your own life\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \strokec2 Value based\
Health care case study\
Empathy and design thinking\
*/\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 8 
\f4 \cf2 \strokec2 Why a Graph Based Data Model\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
One of the main challenges we will face is how to manage our data. We will have hundreds if not thousands of input sources for every user that will need to be stored in a way that allows us to see how each data point is related to each other. The data from one second can have the weather, what activity the user is doing, who they are with, their heart rate, etc. How do we keep the depth of context about this data that exists not just in the data itself but in how the data is related to each other?  For this we utilize graphical databases which are designed to record the points in a network and the relationships between them.\
 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
This is one of the most critical technical details of our implementation. This type of data model allows us to see correlations and hidden relationships between behavior models. We can easily  see how often someone exercise and do there spending habits change in relation to the time since they last worked out, something that can be cumbersome with a traditional SQL or NoSQL database.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 \'93Trends like social, mobile, analytics and cloud \'96 as well as tomorrow\'92s aspirations towards autonomy, IoT and deep neural networks \'96 are all dependent on increasing data connectedness. And yet, it remains extremely difficult for modern data stacks based on SQL and NoSQL to divine how data elements are related\'85Yesterday's breakthrough applications were driven by big data \'96 tomorrow's breakthrough applications will be driven by connected data.\'94 
\f2\i0 \cf2 \strokec2 Neo4j, largest graph database company in the world[9]
\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
Another key advantage of using a graphical database is being able to utilize the body of work done in the field of pure mathematics on graphs. Using these simple mathematical formulas and equations we can perform queries and analysis models on our data that are simply not possible using statistical analysis that is largely prevalent. One of the most basic principles of graph analysis is isomorphism which means having the same structure. To be isomorphic we do not care what the values of each node and relationship in a graph is, so long as the graphs as a whole have the same relationships. When analyzing our data we can use this principle of isomorphism to find a user\'92s behavioral patterns.[8] We don\'92t necessarily have to find data that are strictly equal, merely data that share the same relationships between their members. Using the example from 
\f1\b \cf2 \strokec2 Figure 8.1 
\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 if we want to find a routine we do not look for something that occurs every day at 08:00 AM, we look for data points that occurs with the same pattern. This will lead to many graphs being matched that do not occur in the morning and thus we can find similarities across time that are not readily apparent if you are looking for specific values. With these additional matches outside of the user\'92s morning routine we can expand our pattern search to see if other patterns occur related to this initial pattern. From here we can discover behavioral patterns that are not related to any particular activity or time but inherit in the individual themselves.\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7\i\b\fs20 \cf2 \strokec2 Figure 8.2 
\f6\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 Graphic taken from Neo4j.com indicating how graphs can interconnect to add even more context to data\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
One of the more conventional use cases for graphical databases are for recommendation engines such as when Netflix recommends movies you might want to watch. For us we can use this to feed GA that recommend actions to users that will help achieve their goals. Like any recommendation service we look for similarities between the current user and the  the rest of the users in the database and then recommending any discrepancies. For movies this would work by seeing movies you have liked and then finding other users that liked the same movies and then recommending any movies to you that you haven\'92t watched yet that similar users have liked. There are three objects at play here, a movie, watching a movie, and liking a movie. A movie can exist without watching it, watching a movie does not mean that you like it, and liking a movie means you watched it. In our behavior recommendation engine our three objects will be a particular behavior, the action of that behavior, and the purpose it serves. We will recommend by comparing the purpose of your behaviors to the purpose of others\'92 behavior and then recommending the action of certain behaviors that accomplish the same purpose in others. The following example will help explain.\
\
We can take the behavioral patterns of a user called Amir that has the desirable behavior of a second user called Yuri who wants to exercise three times a week like Amir. We use isomorphism to generalize Amir\'92s behavioral pattern into an abstract pattern and compare it to Yuri\'92s abstracted behavioral pattern. Isomorphic comparisons do not care about the values so it does not matter that Amir\'92s exercise pattern revolves around driving to the gym to lift weights after work because it also matches his eating and sleep patterns so it is acceptable that Yuri\'92s exercise pattern revolves around cycling tours on nights or weekends. So in order to change Yuri\'92s exercise pattern we recommend that she adopt Amir\'92s behavioral pattern, not the behaviors themselves. For this to work we must find every instance where Yuri\'92s pattern comes up and find some way to adapt it to the new pattern. This makes intuitive sense because changing one small part of your life creates outstanding impacts on other aspects of your life. This is evidence that the holistic approach we take to health & wellness is deeply embedded in the conceptual, computational, and data models of our system.\
\
/*\
Additional benefits of graph based model:\
Correlations, recommendations, and time distortion\
Pattern recognition and prediction with isomorphic graphs\
*/\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 9 
\f4 \cf2 \strokec2 Why a Time Based Data Model\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
In addition to our data being modeled as a graph it is also modeled on time as can be seen in 
\f1\b \cf2 \strokec2 Figure 1.1
\f2\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 . This has many adverse affects on how data is structured, how it is utilized, and makes it intuitively understandable to our users in a raw format as opposed to rows of SQL. This is not only because of the visual representation. Time is a key component of human consciousness, it is the basis for our understanding of the world and how we function.[10][11] It is engrained in our genetics, our culture, and our thought process. Considering that we are modeling human behaviour this is a logical method of representing a user\'92s data. It gets interesting when we start to graph large sets of this data and how it interrelates through time. Merriam-Webster defines consciousness is \'93sharing another's knowledge or awareness of an inward state or outward fact\'94. What gives us a conscious is that we are able to know ourself and relate our personal experiences to each other and then express these experiences to each other. This is the fundamentals behind science and art. Logically speaking it is also the foundation of time.  Time is relational to the person experiencing it and also to itself which is why we have different \'93time zones\'94. Time is existent because each moment of time is related to each other and also because time is itself a relationship of these relations. There is a universal concept of past, present, and future - the past connects to the present which connects to the future, but how is the future connected to the past? You might say it must be connected through the present and this is only possible if the past and future are of the same classification denoted as \'93time\'94 and this means that time is related to itself therefore making time it\'92s own being. If this does not make sense then hopefully this excerpt by S\'f8ren Kierkegaard clears it up:\
\
\
\'93The self is a relation which relates itself to its own self, or it is that in the relation that the relation relates itself to its own self; the self is not the relation but that the relation relates itself to its own self.\'94\
\
This aligns with the terminology we use everyday \'93They existed 
\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 in
\f2\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  that time\'94 signifying the in relationships of the data structure or \'93Not enough time 
\f6\i \cf2 \strokec2 in
\f2\i0 \cf2 \strokec2  the day\'94 day being itself a relation to time exemplifying the relation to itself.\
\
With the abstract notation of graph theory this makes time the equivalent of any other human user in our database and thus we can analyze the behaviours of time. This does not require any  special algorithms or creating a replica database to augment the data structure and run specific queries all it requires is a simple change of perspective. To those not familiar with graph theory these may look like completely different graphs but they are in fact exactly the same. So instead of looking at our data and seeing we have a user that got messages at this time we see a time that has a user and messages.\
        \
  \
\
\
\
   \
  \
  \
  \
  \
\
\
\
   \
    \
  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
With this perspective of our data model we can run analysis that can more effectively demonstrate how people and events transgress over time because time is the subject of our focus. When applied to genetic algorithms this allows us to incorporate time as factor in how we see individuals progress and interact with others. This is critical. Time is a finite resource in life and if our models do not understand this, or at the very least recognize it, then they will not be effective at producing real change. If we calculate that a user can fulfill their dreams and become X if they do Y and Z that doesn\'92t do much if the plan we create for them takes three eons. \
\
Conversely we can run millions of calculations a second and life does not run at this speed so they must know that the artificial systems that they are operating in must wait for feedback from the real world before \
\
/*\
Additional benefits of time based model:\
Naturally Immutable data\
Timeline of development + path graph\
Time is an illusion or nah? Can see if time actually affects behaviour, patterns, feelings etc in a linear fashion as we perceive\
*/\
\
/*\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Complex Systems & Agent Based Models\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
Something about similarities in structure of sociocultural systems and mallows hierarchy of needs. Self replication, fractals in structure of human society from individuals to global corps. \
\
it is more important that the whole functions optimally than any individual. A consequence of this basic fact is that individuals must be used in a variety of manners and come together in a cohesive manner.\
\
Small changes, outstanding impact. Examples, sacrifice an average individual to promote and exceptional one. Killing of a parent can spark a life time of hard work - Alexander Hamilton.\
\
Feedback loops and homeostasis\
\
Agent based model - Exosystems\
Systems theory - communal goal must be sought after by all individuals else the system collapses. If an ant strays the colony will follow. \
\
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Systems_theory\
*/\
\
/*\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Application of Genetic Programs\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
Chaos theory of evolution\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.newscientist.com/article/mg20827821-000-the-chaos-theory-of-evolution/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 https://www.newscientist.com/article/mg20827821-000-the-chaos-theory-of-evolution/}}\
*/\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Roadmap Draft\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 Our initial business model will be a simple subscription plan. Users will pay a set fee every month for us to aggregate their data, interpret it, and visualize it in a comprehensive manner for them to understand how they are progressing towards their goals and which activities in their lifestyle are progressing or deterring them. Subsequently we will add on a micro-transaction marketing platform solely focused on health + wellness products where we take a commission on sales instead of advertising fees to make sure our goals are aligned with the user receiving the ad. Our final additive business model will partner with healthcare providers to broker discounts on behalf of users for taking actions that improve health proactively. Instead of spending money to cure diseases, we will be spending money to promote healthy, productive lifestyles.
\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Bibliography\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 [0] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://geneticprogramming.com/software/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 http://geneticprogramming.com/software/}}\
[2] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graph_(discrete_mathematics)"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graph_(discrete_mathematics)}}\
[3] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-actualization"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-actualization}}\
[4] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstraction%23As_used_in_different_disciplines"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstraction#As_used_in_different_disciplines}}\
[5] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/the-principles-of-service-design-thinking-building-better-services"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/the-principles-of-service-design-thinking-building-better-services}}\
[6] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.technologyreview.com/s/422809/when-the-butterfly-effect-took-flight/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 https://www.technologyreview.com/s/422809/when-the-butterfly-effect-took-flight/}}\
[7] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_algorithm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetic_algorithm}}\
[8] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/graph.isisomorphic.html?s_tid=gn_loc_drop"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/graph.isisomorphic.html?s_tid=gn_loc_drop}}\
[9] {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://neo4j.com/product/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 https://neo4j.com/product/}}\
[10] \'93Wherever we shall look for it in the physiology or chemistry of the brain, we shall have to look for something more complex than pacemakers. We must look for a system that combines timer(s) with inhibitory regulators. Adjusting to or estimating duration for an animal organism is not simply putting landmarks in the flow of time; it means retaining and deferring action.\'93 (pg 222) {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sciencedirect.com/science?_ob=PdfExcerptURL&_imagekey=3-s2.0-B9780080254890500156-main.pdf&_piikey=B9780080254890500156&_cdi=306112&_orig=PublicationURL&_zone=rslt_list_item&_fmt=abst&_eid=3-s2.0-B9780080254890500156&_isbn=9780080254890&_user=12975512&md5=0766cc015145f0c335ae407c93c47fe1&ie=/excerpt.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 http://www.sciencedirect.com/science?_ob=PdfExcerptURL&_imagekey=3-s2.0-B9780080254890500156-main.pdf&_piikey=B9780080254890500156&_cdi=306112&_orig=PublicationURL&_zone=rslt_list_item&_fmt=abst&_eid=3-s2.0-B9780080254890500156&_isbn=9780080254890&_user=12975512&md5=0766cc015145f0c335ae407c93c47fe1&ie=/excerpt.pdf}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs20 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 [11] \'93Reward function appears to be modulated by the circadian system, but little is known about the neural basis of this interaction\'85The present study measured neural reward activation in the context of a validated reward task at 10.00 h, 14.00 h, and 19.00 h in healthy human males.\'94 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jneurosci.org/content/37/37/8895"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 http://www.jneurosci.org/content/37/37/8895}}\
}